docs: update documentation for OpenHands v1.7.0 (#675)
All-Hands-AI/docs: openhands/usage/agent-canvas/agent-profiles.mdx

When you set a profile as active, new conversations use that profile by default.

## Choose an Agent Profile for a Conversation

Before starting a conversation, you can open the `+` tools menu in the chat launcher and select `Switch agent profile`. Choose an Agent Profile to switch to that agent, and use it for the new conversation.

> The LLM Model selector always remains visible in the chat launcher and allows you to select from any available LLM that the current Agent Profile supports. Existing conversations keep the Agent Profile and LLM Profile they were launched with.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The LLM Model selector always remains visible in the chat launcher and allows you to select from any available LLM that the current Agent Profile supports. Existing conversations keep the Agent Profile they were launched with, while you, or the agent, can always switch the LLM Profile if you see fit.
```
Maybe like this?

> ## Choose a Profile for a Conversation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Choose an Agent Profile for a Conversation
```
Maybe?

We will need to do something about the LLM Profiles / Agent Profiles terminology… I’m still at the stage where I feel just being explicit helps atm?

Before starting a conversation, open the `+` tools menu in the chat launcher and select `Switch agent profile`. Choose a profile to use it for the new conversation. In a blank conversation, choosing a profile starts a replacement conversation with that profile.

> The model selector remains visible in the chat launcher. It selects the model for the current profile; it does not switch which agent runs the conversation. Existing conversations keep the agent profile they were launched with.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The model selector allows to choose the model for the current agent profile.
```

From the user perspective, what does it say “remains visible in the chat launcher”? Just that there is one, right

Author: I reworded that entire bit. The various profile wording does need to be explicit and well worded or else it gets confusing. For convenience here is what I changed to in the last tweak:

> Before starting a conversation, you can open the `+` tools menu in the chat launcher and select `Switch agent profile`. Choose an Agent Profile to switch to that agent, and use it for the new conversation.
> 
> The LLM Model selector always remains visible in the chat launcher and allows you to select from any available LLM that the current Agent Profile supports. Existing conversations keep the Agent Profile and LLM Profile they were launched with.
>

Reviewer: This reads very well... except for a nit at the end: existing conversations keep the Agent Profile, but you can switch the LLM Profile anytime during conversation 😅

Author: Ah good point. I've had more small edits for Agent Profile than any other documentation to date.
